# Predicting-Term-Deposit-Subscription-by-a-client
Marketing campaigns are characterized by focusing on the customer needs and their overall satisfaction. Nevertheless, there are different variables that determine whether a marketing campaign will be successful or not. There are certain variables that we need to take into consideration when making a marketing campaign. A Term deposit is a deposit that a bank or a financial institution offers with a fixed rate (often better than just opening a deposit account) in which your money will be returned back at a specific maturity time.
Problem Statement:
Predict if a customer subscribes to a term deposits or not, when contacted by a marketing agent, by understanding the different features and performing predictive analytics.
Conclusion
This dataset have more categorical values to address, and the model is design with SVM. it is best suitable for categorical features and given high accuracy. From the above analysis, we can see 90% accuracy from our model, Default credit, housing loan, contact type is not having bigger impact in the output in this dataset but this is also a factor which affect the customer to not to take term loan, and we take the effort of the campaign department, which have some considerable amount of impact in the result, last call duration indicates that which ever call spoke lesser time in seconds customer do not take term deposit, and long gap provided between the followup or call, there is bigger impact in the closing of the product, there is high chance of customer take term deposit with some other bank or from different team. Followup with customer is very important for the campaign to increase the term loan taking output. Concentrating more on the not converted people from the age group between 30 to 60 and salary profession gives improve more outcome for the term deposit. There is one more value in many of features not addressed is "unknown" values (job, marital, education, default, housing, loan), which can be handled by different methods like interpolate or replace from pandas. That can be the future scope of the project which may increase the accuracy further more.
